# DS_module6_preprocessing_and_training_SpringBoard

*First, the mean of the price was evaluated to see how good it is as a predictor. Noticed that there was no difference when comparing the sklearn's DummyRegressor with the trainings regular mean. The average price performed well and could serve as a predictor. A linear regression model was built to make predictions on both the train and test splits.  With R^2 being 0.817 for the training set and 0.7209 for the test set, this implies that the regression the regression model explains over 80% of the variance on the training set and over 70% on the test set. For the mean absolute error, it results in 8.54 for the training and 9.40 for the test. 
Using this model, on average, the estimated ticket price will be within 9 dollars for the real price which is better than the dummy  regressor's 19 dollars.
The performance of cross-validation was evaluated which indicates that if the random state for initializing the CV folds are not the same, the actual numbers will be different. One can obtain an estimate of the variability in the performance estimate.*

*The estimated performance of random forest regressor via cross-validation gives a lower mean absolute error by almost $1 with lower variability and the performance on the test set gives performance consistent with cross-validation results. When linear regression cross-validation was compared with the random forest cross-validation, it is obvious that using random forest cross-validation model saves about a dollar on ticket price which therefore will be the best model to go with*. 
